Update LICENSE.txt (#46)
dask/zict: LICENSE.txt

  b. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

>   c. Neither the name of copyright holder nor the names of its contributors

Reviewer: Nice catch @aregm, and thank you for fixing!

I'm wondering why the proposed change is to use `copyright holder` instead of just swapping out `toolz` for `zict` 

```suggestion
  c. Neither the name of zict nor the names of its contributors
```

Author: I just copy/pasted the generic BSD 3 clause. As soon as you customize it, the legal license checking system will tag it as a custom BSD-3, and in enterprises, it requires more bureaucracy. But I don't mind. Up to you guys.

Reviewer: Ah, I see -- thank you for clarifying. Looking at the Dask license (which is BSD 3) we're missing the work "the" here. Otherwise this looks good to go 

```suggestion
  c. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors
```
